= The files in the PFsession subdirectory =
ThPFBand0sessComp1win0.mat  : FWER corrected test statistic thresholds (voxel-wise correction)       
band0Z_nonparametric1.mat   : Z-values with voxel-wise models. Obtained from voxel-wise permutation test yielding different model for each voxel        
band0ZsumStat1.mat          : The standard test statistics values (same model for all voxels)      
band0clusterExtentTh1.mat   : Primary (cluster defining) threshold for cluster extent correction for defining clusters. Applies to band0ZsumStat1        
band0clustersPFsessComp1.mat : Cluster images (positive group1 > group2 and negative group2 > group1). Formed by thresholding band0ZsumStat1 with band0clusterExtentTh1. Values are cluster extents (or masses) for each voxel.       
band0clustervalsPFsessComp1.mat : Distributions of the maximal cluster extent statistics.  Not interesting for a normal user.    
band0jkStdMap1.mat          : Standard deviation map for group 1       
band0jkStdMap2.mat          : Standard deviation map for group 2       
band0pvalmaps3D1.mat        : Uncorrected p-values, referring to ZsumStat1.mat, all voxels with the same model      
band0pvalmaps3Dindvox1.mat  : Uncorrected p-values with voxel-wise models, each voxel with its own model       
band0standardizedPF1.mat    : Standardized test-statistic values; if studentization is on, same as  ZsumStat1.mat     
band0valsPFsessComp1.mat    :  Distributions of the maximal statistics (voxel-wise).  Not interesting for a normal user.         
clusterThPFBand0sessComp1win0.mat : Cluster extent thresholds, FWER corrected. Separate thresholds for positive and negative clusters.  These are used for tresholding band0clustersPFsessComp1.mat
fdr_ThPFBand0sessComp1win0.mat : FDR corrected and uncorrected thresholds (p-value thresholds as well as corresponding test statistic thresholds. Obtained with 2-tailed models, so symmetry is assumed. Separate thresholds for voxel-wise models and global models.      
pvalmaps3D1Band0.nii         : Uncorrected p-value map, referring to ZsumStat1.mat, all voxels with the same model       
pvalmapsindvox3D1Band0.nii   : Uncorrected p-value map voxel-wise models, each voxel with its own model       
standardErrorPF1Band0.nii    : Standard error map (weighted average of group-wise SE's)      
standardizedPF1Band0.nii     : Standardized test-statistic values; if studentization is on, same as  ZsumStat1.mat        
z_nonparametric1Band0.nii    : Z-values with voxel-wise models. Obtained from voxel-wise permutation test yielding different model for each voxel      

Note that some of the mat files are NOT in 3D format but in vectorized format. 
To turn, for example, band0pvalmaps3Dindvox1.mat in 3D format do the following (in Matlab):

p3D = ones(PFsize(1:3));
p3D(indbmaskorig) = pVsindvox; 

ones instead of zeros is because p-values outside the brain are better visualized having value 1.
